# A Simple OBS (browser source) Overlay

A simple webpage to embed a customizable overlay in your video/stream.  

[Live Development Preview!](https://raw.githack.com/IAmSeraph/Simple-OBS-Overlay/main/index.html)  

  * [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/IAmSeraph/.github/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md)  
  * [Contributing](contributing.md)  
  * [Security](https://github.com/IAmSeraph/.github/blob/main/security.md)  
  * [Support](https://github.com/IAmSeraph/.github/blob/main/support.md)  

## ChangeLog

> 1.0

  * First public release

## Contributors

  * [@IAmSeraph](http://iamseraph.com)
  * [@BittFenn](http://bittfenn.com)

## License 

> I dedicate any and all copyright interest in this software to the  
> public domain. I make this dedication for the benefit of the public at  
> large and to the detriment of my heirs and successors. I intend this  
> dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all  
> present and future rights to this software under copyright law.  

```
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.  
   
Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or  
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled  
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any  
means.  
   
In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors  
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the  
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit  
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and  
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of  
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this  
software under copyright law.  
   
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,  
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF  
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR  
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,  
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR  
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  
   
For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>  
```

[![Join our Discord](https://github.com/IAmSeraph/.github/blob/main/.github/images/discord.png)](http://discord.iamseraph.com/)  
